fix: doc gen (#101)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-groovy: .docgen/usage.md

Other methods of `java.util.Map` are accessible such as `remove` `size` etc.

### Common objects

#### Headers methods

Applicable to `request.headers` `response.headers` `message.headers`

| Method          | Arguments (type) | Return type    | Description               |
|-----------------|------------------|----------------|---------------------------|
| `remove`        | key (`Object`)   |                | Removes a header          |
| `containsKey`   | key (`Object`)   | `boolean`      | Check if a header exists  |
| `clear`         |                  |                | Remove all header         |
| `empty`         |                  | `boolean`      | `true` when header exists |
| `size`          |                  | `int`          | Return headers count      |
| `keySet`        |                  | `Set<String>`  | All headers names         |

#### Multimap methods

Multimap allow to have several values for a single map entry without the hassle to initializing a collection before.

Applicable to `request.parameters` and `request.pathParameters`

>  All method of Gravitee [MultiValueMap](https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-common/blob/master/src/main/java/io/gravitee/common/util/MultiValueMap.java) implementation: `getFirst` `add` `set` `setAll` `toSingleValueMap` `containsAllKeys`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All methods of the Gravitee [MultiValueMap](https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-common/blob/master/src/main/java/io/gravitee/common/util/MultiValueMap.java) implementation: `getFirst`, `add`, `set`, `setAll`, `toSingleValueMap`, `containsAllKeys`.
```
